this is major Roy McBride I'm attempting
to reach dr. Clifford McBride
this is dr. McBride son
dad I'd like to see you again
[Music]
I've recall how we used to watch
black/white movies together
musicals were your favorite I remember
you tutoring me in math instilled in me
a strong work ethic
you should know I've chosen a career
that you would approve of
[Music]
I've dedicated my life to the
exploration of space and I thank you for
that
[Music]
what is happening out there is a crisis
of unknown magnitude
[Music]
we believe your father may be involved
my father's dead what exactly are you
implying from me
exploration is now is a noble venture
we have to hold out the possibility that
your father may be hiding from us
we have a job to do are you ready I'm
ready
[Music]
you